Name  type of artificial intelligence that takes advantage of a computer's ability to use logic, or statistics and probabilities, to solve a problem?
Conventional AI
What is PYTHONPATH?
It is an environment variable which is used when a module is imported. Whenever a module is imported, PYTHONPATH is also looked up to check for the presence of the imported modules in various directories.
What are python modules?
Python modules are files containing Python code. This code can either be functions classes or variables. A Python module is a .py file containing executable code
Name some commonly used built-in modules in Python?
os, sys, math, random,datatime, and JSON
What are global variables in Python?
Global Variables:Variables declared outside a function or in global space are called global variables. These variables can be accessed by any function in the program.
What are local variables 
Local Variables:Any variable declared inside a function is known as a local variable. This variable is present in the local space and not in the global space.
Is indentation required in python?
Indentation is necessary for Python. It specifies a block of code.
What is the difference between Python Arrays and lists?
Arrays and lists, in Python, have the same way of storing data. But, arrays can hold only a single data type elements whereas lists can hold any data type elements.
What are python iterators?
Iterators are objects which can be traversed though or iterated upon.
What is pickling and unpickling?
Pickle module accepts any Python object and converts it into a string representation and dumps it into a file by using dump function, this process is called pickling. While the process of retrieving original Python objects from the stored string representation is called unpickling.
How are classes created in Python? 
Class in Python is created using the class keyword.
Why is it important for entrepreneurs to talk with industry experts when developing new business concepts?
The industry experts typically provide useful information. Industry experts have in-depth knowledge about a specific field.
What type of software do many businesses require be installed on computer systems as a security feature?
Firewall software is intended to prevent unauthorized access to a computer network